README.md, before:

OVERVIEW
--------

This repository contains example of [*riverdi-eve-lib*](https://github.com/riverdi/riverdi-eve-lib) library integration for [*ESP32 MCUs*](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/socs/esp32) (series of low-cost, low-power system on a chip microcontrollers with integrated Wi-Fi and dual-mode Bluetooth). Please check [*riverdi-eve-lib*](https://github.com/riverdi/riverdi-eve-lib) project repository for more info about library itself.

PREREQUISITES
-------------

To get started, please make sure, that all libraries and tools for C/C++ development on *ESP32* are properly installed and configured on your machine - visit [*ESP32 Get Started*](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/get-started/) for more info.

CONNECTIONS
-----------

For different chip the connections may be different - please check *main/platform.h* file for specific pinouts.

|  RiBUS connector    | ESP32 |
| ---- | ----- |
| VDD  | 3.3V  |
| GND  | GND   |
| SCLK | 19    |
| MISO | 25    |
| MOSI | 23    |
| CS   | 21    |
| INT  | 5     |
| PD   | 18    |

COMPILATION
-----------

[1] Set up the environment variables:

`. /path/to/esp-idf/export.sh`

[2] Clone *'riverdi-eve-demo-esp32'* repository (with *'riverdi-eve-lib'* submodule):

`git clone --recursive git@github.com:riverdi/riverdi-eve-demo-esp32.git`

[3] Navigate to your *riverdi-eve-demo-esp32* directory and set the target:

`cd riverdi-eve-demo-esp32`
`idf.py set-target esp32|esp32s2|esp32c3|esp32s3|esp32c2|esp32c6|esp32h2`

[4] Build the project by running:

`idf.py build`

[5] Flash deivce:

`idf.py -p PORT flash`

GETTING HELP
------------

Please contact Riverdi support - [*<contact@riverdi.com>*](contact@riverdi.com)

LICENSE
-------

See *LICENSE.txt* file for details.

Commit message:

Add info to README about display/modules types

README.md, after:

OVERVIEW
--------

This repository contains example of [*riverdi-eve-lib*](https://github.com/riverdi/riverdi-eve-lib) library integration for [*ESP32 MCUs*](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/socs/esp32) (series of low-cost, low-power system on a chip microcontrollers with integrated Wi-Fi and dual-mode Bluetooth). Please check [*riverdi-eve-lib*](https://github.com/riverdi/riverdi-eve-lib) project repository for more info about library itself.

PREREQUISITES
-------------

To get started, please make sure, that all libraries and tools for C/C++ development on *ESP32* are properly installed and configured on your machine - visit [*ESP32 Get Started*](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/get-started/) for more info.

CONNECTIONS
-----------

For different chip the connections may be different - please check *main/platform.h* file for specific pinouts.

|  RiBUS connector    | ESP32 |
| ---- | ----- |
| VDD  | 3.3V  |
| GND  | GND   |
| SCLK | 19    |
| MISO | 25    |
| MOSI | 23    |
| CS   | 21    |
| INT  | 5     |
| PD   | 18    |

COMPILATION
-----------

__Note:__ *before compilation, please edit CMakeLists.txt file to choose Embedded Video Engine series (-DEVE_1, -DEVE_2, -DEVE_3 or -DEVE_4 flags), choose type and size of connected TFT module (choose predefined macros for Riverdi EVE modules or edit timings manually in modules.h file for custom displays) or to adjust compilation settings.*

[1] Set up the environment variables:

`. /path/to/esp-idf/export.sh`

[2] Clone *'riverdi-eve-demo-esp32'* repository (with *'riverdi-eve-lib'* submodule):

`git clone --recursive git@github.com:riverdi/riverdi-eve-demo-esp32.git`

[3] Navigate to your *riverdi-eve-demo-esp32* directory and set the target:

`cd riverdi-eve-demo-esp32`
`idf.py set-target esp32|esp32s2|esp32c3|esp32s3|esp32c2|esp32c6|esp32h2`

[4] Build the project by running:

`idf.py build`

[5] Flash deivce:

`idf.py -p PORT flash`

GETTING HELP
------------

Please contact Riverdi support - [*<contact@riverdi.com>*](contact@riverdi.com)

LICENSE
-------

See *LICENSE.txt* file for details.
